I don't have the crayons to explain this one to you.
I hope you lose weight so there'll be less of you.
You're really hard to look at.
Well... people tolerate you.
I expected nothing, but I’m still disappointed.
Your train of thought is a replacement bus service.
When it was raining brains, you had an umbrella.
I would agree with you, but then we would both be wrong.
Your IQ is roughly around room temperature.
If you spoke your mind, you'd be speechless.
You have a hidden talent. Keep it hidden.
Aww, it's so cute when you try to talk about things you don't understand.
I bet you drink milk with a fork.
You are so stupid, you'd trip over a cordless phone.
Ordinary people live and learn. You just live.
Brains aren't everything. In your case they're nothing.
If your brain exploded, it wouldn't even mess up your hair.
If you were any dumber, I would have to water you twice a week.
Good job answering questions!
You’re impossible to underestimate.
You’re not the dumbest person on the planet, but you sure better hope he doesn’t die.
If you were an inanimate object, you’d be a participation trophy.
You’re so dense, light bends around you.
You’re dumber than I tell people.
You know, people were right about you.
How can your IQ be in single numbers?
You do realize we tolerate you.
Ah, sharp as a marble that one!
The wheel is spinning, but the hamster is dead.
You're really more foam than beer.
At this point, you can only impress me.
A village somewhere is missing their idiot.
You could actually hide your own Easter eggs.
Only two brain cells left and both of them are fighting for third place.
You are sad, you have my pity. Just kidding.
I can explain it to you, but I can’t understand it for you.
Shock me, do something intelligent.
There is no vaccine against stupidity.
How old are you? - Wait I shouldn't ask, you can't count that high.
Stupidity is not a crime so you are free to go.
Are you always this stupid or is today a special occasion?
Were you born this stupid or did you take lessons?
You should really come with a warning label.
Everyone’s entitled to act stupid once in a while, but you really abuse the privilege.
If I threw a stick, you’d leave, right?
What doesn’t kill you, disappoints me.
Don’t get bitter, just get better.
I was hoping for a battle of wits but you appear to be unarmed.
You fear success, but you really have nothing to worry about.
Keep rolling your eyes, you might eventually find a brain.
You are proof that evolution can go in reverse.
Grab a straw, because you suck.
Don’t be ashamed of who you are. That’s your parent’s job.
You’re about as useful as a screen door on a submarine.
If genius skips a generation, your children will be brilliant.
I could eat a bowl of alphabet soup and poop out a smarter statement than whatever you just said.
I get so emotional when you're not around. That emotion is happiness.
You are proof God has a sense of humor.
I bet your mom doesn’t put your coloring pages on the fridge.
I thought of you today. It reminded me to take out the trash.
Unless your name is Google, stop acting like you know everything.
Fun fact: Alcohol increases the size of the 'send' button by 89%.
Zombies eat brains. You’re safe.
I’ll try being nicer, if you try being smarter.
You suck. You should fix that.
Apparently rock bottom has a basement.
Someday, you'll go far. I hope you stay there.
It’s ok if you disagree with me. I can’t force you to be right.
Oops! Did I just roll my eyes out loud?
Not a single one of my multiple personalities like you.
They say ignorance is bliss but I find yours rather disturbing.
Don't raise your voice, improve your argument.
Somewhere out there, a tree is tirelessly producing oxygen for you. I think you owe it an apology.
Instead of listening to your opinion, how about I put on some cartoons for you, and get you a juice box?
Oh, a thought crossed your mind? It must have been a long, lonely journey.
Don’t let your mind wander. It’s too small to be out there all alone.
Here’s an idea! Go play in traffic.
So, you changed your mind? Does the new one work any better?
Hide! The garbage truck is coming!
Your birth certificate is an apology to your parents from the hospital.
It’s good to see you’re not letting education get in the way of your ignorance.
You’re not as bad as everyone says. You’re worse.
No, keep talking. I always yawn when I’m interested.
This is the perfect time for you to become a missing person.
If you want me to accept you as you are, I’m going to have to lie to myself about liking you.
I’d love to insult you, but you probably wouldn’t understand.
Impressive! I’ve never seen such a small mind inside such a large head before.
Do you like nature, despite what it did to you?
I don’t think you’re stupid. You just have bad luck at thinking.
You’re about as sharp as a bowling ball.
Light travels faster than sound. This is why some people appear bright until they speak.
I am busy right now, can I ignore you some other time?
You’re the reason this country has to put directions on shampoo.
If your phone doesn’t ring, it’s me.
If only closed minds came with closed mouths.
Oh sure, you’re smart. Sesame Street smart.
You are the result of 4 billion years of evolution. Act like it.
You're like a Slinky. Pretty much useless but make me smile when I push you down the stairs.
Please cancel my subscription to your stupidity.
You are about as useful as a white crayon.
Don’t argue with fools, because people from a distance can’t tell which one is you.
I don’t hate you. I’m just not necessarily excited about your existence.
The trash gets picked up tomorrow. Be ready.
Who ties your shoelaces for you?

